this is our first ever virgin morning
show breaking under Christmas and
roadside the house right now we've got
everybody from virgin radio from
Copperfield we've got the lights we've
got the presents we got everything ready
to go so Stephanie nominated Melinda and
her family the three kids kira JT and
Hunter and they just been through a
really tough time over the last couple
of months so we want to help them out
and give them the ultimate Christmas and
as you can see all the Santa's elves are
here so let's get the study y'all ready
right let's do this on September tent
this family's life was turned upside
down when father of three and loving
husband Ryan mobic passed away suddenly
and tragically Ryan went into urgent
care on Saturday night and was sent home
with a urinary tract infection on Sunday
evening his symptoms were getting worse
and he went to emergency at the New
South hospital Monday morning he was
transferred to foothills hospital where
he passed away on tuesday after noon and
i see you autopsies are still out and
it's not yet determined what's actually
happened to ryan no one could have ever
predicted this outcome when de struggles
each and every day to make life as
normal as possible for her three kids
kira is very aware and asks are we still
going to have Christmas and what will
father stay be like
JT struggles at school with his behavior
and little hunter cries at night for
daddy and when the crying stopped for a
bit Melinda felt relief but came to the
quick realization that she wants him to
cry at night because she knows he's
still remembering his daddy Melinda's
hard a shattered and I don't know that
she's had time to pick up the pieces
she's in such she's such an amazing mom
to these kids and it's so hard to see
her and the kids like this I would love
for this family to know how special they
are and although this is the difficult
time in their lives daddy is watching
over them and they are surrounded by
love from family and friends they could
really use a Christmas miracle and all
this although this won't bring Ryan back
it will let them know that he's with
them always please pick the Lubbock
family okay we just found out they're on
their way they're honored and excited
it's you just a big early Christmas
morning for me right now yes seriously
this is insane our first ever virgin
morning show break and enter Christmas
happens momentarily you guys are you
guys excited yeah let's do this
oh my life has been kind of um a long
shot her three months um losing my
husband um tragically um something
that's completely curable um talk about
a date half from you love me three
babies to figure it out but that's you
know that's what keeps me going and now
they don't have all these friends and
everyone is doing this for me sky like I
can do this this kind of makes a little
easier just like wow I'm speechless no
wonder you guys hey guys ready to come
in yeah it's not just the decorations
you got a little bit more stuff in so
let's all head inside okay come on in
we're now I know that this has been a
very hard time when you guys miss your
gap right but I want to see the smiles
on your faces Christmas if you have such
beautiful smiles and you know were you
smile a lot do you think about that the
one side we're gonna send you to
Disneyland yeah wow thank you thank you
chain you so much we had a successful
first ever virgin morning show breaking
in her Christmas the family's happy
there's tons of toys there's tons of
food and I don't think it could have
went better no absolutely from our
Virgin Radio family to yours